# Overview

This repository is derived from Uber Differential Privacy Tool (https://github.com/uber/sql-differential-privacy) and also contains a Client-Server system written in Python for sending queries.
The files can be found under: code/anon-methods/sql-differential-privacy/src/main/scala/examples/

# Working with the system

In simpleClient.py -

1. simpleClient.py has some static JSON data which it sends to simpleServer.py.
2. Change the JSON data and url in the Client script as per need. 
3. a. If it is the first request from a Client set `'sid':''` in JSON payload to indicate that it is the start of a session. 
3. b. If it is not the  first request, put Session ID generated by simpleServer.py in previous session and set `sid` equal to that.

In simpleServer.py -
1. In `read_file()` method, Line 34, provide the path to where Uber Tool is creating the result (.txt) files.
2. In `write_file()` method, Line 54, provide the path to to sql-differential-privacy folder. This is where all JSON requests sent by simpleClient.py will be written to .json files. 
3. In `get()` method, Line 103, provide the path to to sql-differential-privacy folder. Same as above.


To work with ElasticSensitivityExample.scala - 
1. In Line 57, `val database = Schema.getDatabase("raw_banking")`, enter the database name from the schema depending on which DB to run queries on.
2. In Line 66, provide the path where simpleServer.py is generating the JSON files (should be same path as Line 54 in simpleServer.py). 
3. In Line 130,  provide the appropriate credentials in DB connection section (`val con_str`).

To work with QueryRewritingExample.scala - 
1. In Line 22, `val database = Schema.getDatabase("raw_banking")`, enter the database name from the schema depending on which DB to run queries on.
2. In Line 31, provide the path where simpleServer.py is generating the JSON files (should be same path as Line 54 in simpleServer.py). 
3. In Line 95,  provide the appropriate credentials in DB connection section (`val con_str`).


After these changes, run ElasticSensitivityExample.scala and/or QueryRewritingExample.scala scripts along with simpleServer.py.
Run the Client script to send query, budget, epsilon and sid values. 







